README.md, before:

# IG-11

### This is a small amount of my research in AI with links to papers and jupyter notebooks.

- “Everything should be made as simple as possible, but no simpler.” - Einstein

- "Paradise is built and maintained by robots." - Me?

- Attention + perception + awareness + thought + memory + language = consciousness?

## What is the human loss function?

We need to find out a general loss function so that AGI can learn from, something in the form of below

```python
def agi_loss_fn(?,?,?...):
  """
  A meta loss function, similar to that of a human
  """
  pass
```

## Some things I need to do

- Math
  - Back prop
  - Forward pass
  - Linear Algebra
- Libraries
  - matplotlib
  - numpy
  - scikit-learn
- Neural Network from scratch in C
  - Make sure I understand backpropagation at the lowest level
  - Nuts and Bolts approach
- Find reading list
  - Binder full of most important papers for ML
  - Really read and understand
  - Read multiple times
  - Highlight them
- How to build a datacenter

### Approach to Testing ML 
![timeline for testing ML](https://www.jeremyjordan.me/content/images/2020/08/Group-7.png)

Commit message:

forward forward pass in todo

README.md, after:

# IG-11

### This is a small amount of my research in AI with links to papers and jupyter notebooks.

- “Everything should be made as simple as possible, but no simpler.” - Einstein

- "Paradise is built and maintained by robots." - Me?

- Attention + perception + awareness + thought + memory + language = consciousness?

## What is the human loss function?

We need to find out a general loss function so that AGI can learn from, something in the form of below

```python
def agi_loss_fn(?,?,?...):
  """
  A meta loss function, similar to that of a human
  """
  pass
```

## Some things I need to do

- Neural Network from scratch (John Carmack did it in C)
  - Make sure I understand backpropagation at the lowest level
    - Forward forward pass??? - https://arxiv.org/pdf/2212.13345.pdf
  - Nuts and Bolts approach
- Math
  - Back prop
  - Forward pass
  - Linear Algebra
- Libraries
  - matplotlib
  - numpy
  - scikit-learn
- Find reading list
  - Binder full of most important papers for ML
  - Really read and understand
  - Read multiple times
  - Highlight them
- How to build a datacenter?

### Approach to Testing ML 
![timeline for testing ML](https://www.jeremyjordan.me/content/images/2020/08/Group-7.png)
